Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-added-alert-when-mo-delete-operation-is-taking-more-time.md (#2084)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-added-alert-when-mo-delete-operation-is-taking-more-time.md

---
date: ""

> title: Added alert when MO delete operation is taking more time.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add alert for long-running managed object delete operations
```

> title: Added alert when MO delete operation is taking more time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: An alert is shown for long-running managed object operations.
```

> title: An alert is shown for long-running managed object operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Alert for long-running managed object operations
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-50050
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Added alert when MO delete operation is taking more time.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some situations, deleting managed objects in Cumulocity IoT could take an unexpectedly long time without providing any feedback to the user. To improve visibility, an alert is now shown in the UI when a delete operation exceeds a certain duration. This allows users to track the progress of long-running deletions. The alert is automatically dismissed once the operation completes successfully.
```

> Added alert when MO delete operation is taking more time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, managed object operations in Cumulocity IoT could take an unexpectedly long time without providing any feedback to the user. To improve visibility, an alert is now shown in the UI when a certain operation exceeds a specific duration.
```

> In some situations, managed object operations in Cumulocity IoT could take an unexpectedly long time without providing any feedback to the user. To improve visibility, an alert is now shown in the UI when a certain operation exceeds a specific duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some situations, managed object operations in Cumulocity IoT could take an unexpectedly long time without providing any feedback to the user. For more transparency, an alert is now shown in the UI when a certain operation exceeds a specific duration.
```
